{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red184\green14\blue61;
\red63\green63\blue63;\red48\green61\blue72;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c78039\c14510\c30588;
\cssrgb\c31373\c31373\c31373;\cssrgb\c24314\c30588\c35294;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 1.pip install Django==1.11.9
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 this will install Django version 1.11.9\
2. pip list\
this will list all the virtualenv that are currently running
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 3. deactivate\
deactivates pip
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 4. pip3 list
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \'a0(How is the result different from when you ran\'a0
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 pip list
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \'a0with the virtualenv activated? Hint, you should not have as many things listed when the virtualenv is deactivated. If your results are the same, go back and figure out what went wrong.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 well had to include the 3 since pip was deactivated, also I have different things listed and there is no Django or putz, and the order they were listed in is different.
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \strokec4 5. source myEnvironments/py3Env/bin/activate
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \'a0(Adjust the path as needed to\'a0
\b \strokec6 re-activate the virtualenv
\b0 \strokec5 ; for windows\'a0
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 call myEnvironments/py3Env/Scripts/activate
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 )\
 had to adjust my path since I had to change some of the names, but this reactivated the virtualenv so now I don\'92t have to write pip3 and it would show Django as running. installed if i entered pip list\

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 6. pip install Django==1.11.9
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \'a0(We know you already ran this one. What information do you see returned in terminal after this command?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 it tells me that the requirement has already been satisfied which I would think means that it is already running with pip and wouldn\'92t need to be installed again.
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \strokec4 7. pip freeze
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \'a0(What's the difference between freeze and list?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 pip freeze shows the packages that are installed that aren\'92t pip itself or the setup/tools while list shows everything you\'92ve got running.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 8. 
\f1\fs28 First cd into your Desktop directory (
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 cd ~/Desktop
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 ), then run this command:\'a0
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 pip freeze > requirements.txt
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 . What do you see when you\'a0
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 ls
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 ? What's inside this file?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \strokec4 when I run this command I see a new txt file called requirements.txt inside the file is the running programs that are listed when ou type pip freeze in the terminal\
9. pip uninstall Django\
this will uninstall Django but it does ask me if i am sure first which I would guess I select yes and then it tells me that I have successfully uninstalled Django.
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 10. pip show Django\
nothing happens I hope that is right because I uninstalled Django and so there is nothing to show.
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \strokec4 11. pip search Flask
\f1\fs28 \strokec5 \'a0This one might take a moment to execute.\cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf5 t\cf2 his resulted in a long list items I would think that are all about flask which is a micro framework for python.}